README.md, before:

# 🐍 Python CLI Projects

[![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-@lukaszzielinski2003-black?logo=github)](https://github.com/lukaszzielinski2003)
[![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3.10%2B-blue)](https://www.python.org/)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-green)](./LICENSE)
[![Last Commit](https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/lukaszzielinski2003/python-cli-projects)](https://github.com/lukaszzielinski2003/python-cli-projects/commits/master)

A collection of simple command-line Python applications created for learning and practice purposes.  
Each project is self-contained in its own folder and includes a `README.md` with usage instructions.

---

## 📂 Projects Included

| Project                                       | Description                                                                                                |
| --------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| 🧮 [Bubble Sort](./bubble_sort)               | CLI program that sorts a list of numbers in ascending or descending order using the Bubble Sort algorithm. |
| ⚖️ [Unit Converter](./unit_converter)         | Converts units (e.g. kilometers to miles, kilograms to pounds) with input validation.                      |
| ✅ [To-Do List](./to_do_list)                 | A simple task manager that lets you add, view, and delete tasks in the console.                            |
| ➗ [Calculator](./calculator)                 | Command-line calculator supporting basic arithmetic operations and input checking.                         |
| 🎮 [Turn-Based Battle](./turn_based_battle)   | Text-based battle simulator with player/enemy turns and hit point logic.                                   |
| 🔐 [Password Generator](./password_generator) | Generates secure random passwords based on user-selected options.                                          |

---

## 🛠 Requirements

- Python **3.10 or higher**
- No external dependencies (all projects use only the standard library)

---

## 🚀 Getting Started

```bash
git clone https://github.com/lukaszzielinski2003/python-cli-projects.git
cd python-cli-projects
```

Then navigate into any project folder:

```bash
cd bubble_sort
python main.py
```

## 📌 Notes

- Each project is organized in its own folder and can be used independently.
- Some projects are ready for future GUI expansion (cli/ vs gui/ structure possible).
- More CLI tools coming soon...

## 🧾 License

This repository is licensed under the MIT License. See the LICENSE file for details.

Commit message:

Add Pomodoro to project list in README

README.md, after:

# 🐍 Python CLI Projects

[![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-@lukaszzielinski2003-black?logo=github)](https://github.com/lukaszzielinski2003)
[![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3.10%2B-blue)](https://www.python.org/)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-green)](./LICENSE)
[![Last Commit](https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/lukaszzielinski2003/python-cli-projects)](https://github.com/lukaszzielinski2003/python-cli-projects/commits/master)

A collection of simple command-line Python applications created for learning and practice purposes.  
Each project is self-contained in its own folder and includes a `README.md` with usage instructions.

---

## 📂 Projects Included

| Project                                       | Description                                                                                                |
| --------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| 🧮 [Bubble Sort](./bubble_sort)               | CLI program that sorts a list of numbers in ascending or descending order using the Bubble Sort algorithm. |
| ⚖️ [Unit Converter](./unit_converter)         | Converts units (e.g. kilometers to miles, kilograms to pounds) with input validation.                      |
| ✅ [To-Do List](./to_do_list)                 | A simple task manager that lets you add, view, and delete tasks in the console.                            |
| ➗ [Calculator](./calculator)                 | Command-line calculator supporting basic arithmetic operations and input checking.                         |
| 🎮 [Turn-Based Battle](./turn_based_battle)   | Text-based battle simulator with player/enemy turns and hit point logic.                                   |
| 🔐 [Password Generator](./password_generator) | Generates secure random passwords based on user-selected options.                                          |
| 🍅 [Pomodoro](./pomodoro/)                    | A simple CLI Pomodoro timer that helps you stay focused using structured work and break sessions.          |

---

## 🛠 Requirements

- Python **3.10 or higher**
- No external dependencies (all projects use only the standard library)

---

## 🚀 Getting Started

```bash
git clone https://github.com/lukaszzielinski2003/python-cli-projects.git
cd python-cli-projects
```

Then navigate into any project folder:

```bash
cd bubble_sort
python main.py
```

## 📌 Notes

- Each project is organized in its own folder and can be used independently.
- Some projects are ready for future GUI expansion (cli/ vs gui/ structure possible).
- More CLI tools coming soon...

## 🧾 License

This repository is licensed under the MIT License. See the LICENSE file for details.
